{
   "0":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-06T22:32:24.927Z",
      "content":"Here is the audio for the Q and A!"
   },
   "1":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-06T22:32:05.877Z",
      "content":"https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HcG-boyq3HjdtafqMC85tAHhDprV17t6/view?usp=drivesdk"
   },
   "2":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-06T20:15:00.845Z",
      "content":"@everyone \n\nhttps://www.twitch.tv/ivccompsciclub"
   },
   "3":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-06T20:09:45.393Z",
      "content":"If you guys are tuning into the stream, follow us at ivccompsciclub on twitch"
   },
   "4":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-06T19:39:48.125Z",
      "content":"@everyone We are in room BSTIC 104 for anyone coming to the meeting! It is on the lot 5 side on the outside of the building"
   },
   "5":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-05T20:54:11.158Z",
      "content":"Hey @everyone, since this is a guest speaker we will also be streaming the Q and A so any of you that aren't able to make it can also ask questions! If you also can make the stream feel free to put your questions in <#624785686138191909> and we will ask them when we can. Lastly, it starts at 12 as usual and will end whenever we are out of questions."
   },
   "6":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-12-04T05:14:44.020Z",
      "content":"Hello @everyone !\nWe have a special meeting this FRIDAY (12/6). Guest speaker Andrew Pirelli will be coming to IVC to talk about his job and give some insight into the tech industry. Andrew is a recent UCR graduate and is now a fullstack developer with a focus on react js, and works at First American Trust (banking service).  Come on by!"
   },
   "7":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-11-08T04:32:24.067Z",
      "content":"@everyone Just a reminder that the meeting is tomorrow at 12! If you have seen any of the other updates, sabio is not coming to this specific meeting but everything will continue as planned with the workshop and food. Remember to make a github account, install gitbash, and bring a computer or tablet if possible üíª"
   },
   "8":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-10-16T03:57:53.773Z",
      "content":"Hello @everyone ! Our first meeting will be on November 8th and will be held in the CAANAPI (B353) @12:00! There will be food and drinks to start out followed by the start of Sabio's club wide group project that will be built upon each meeting. In addition to providing their workshops throughout the year, Sabio will also be giving out FREE access to the beginning sections of their bootcamp so be sure to stop by. Excited to meet you all there!"
   },
   "9":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-09-21T03:24:34.547Z",
      "content":"@everyone hey we have a side server for just non cs related things overall. \nhttps://discord.gg/RyptDd here"
   },
   "10":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-09-09T21:09:14.787Z",
      "content":"@everyone Hey everybody, the CS Club is down a few board members from people being busy/ transferring so if anyone is interested in helping us continue DM me!"
   },
   "11":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-05-13T22:33:23.911Z",
      "content":"Hello guys, Kaung Htet Myat and Sydney Karimi still have not picked up their Hackathon prizes so if you guys can let them know in anyway that would be appreciated!"
   },
   "12":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-05-03T17:46:09.992Z",
      "content":"@everyone I regret to say that Sabio had something come up and cannot make it to the meeting today. I apologise for the late warning but I just got their message. Please help spread the word and I'll try to get them to come back to do a meeting ASAP since we are close to the end of school. I am truly sorry for any inconveniences this causes."
   },
   "13":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-04-24T07:23:39.613Z",
      "content":"@everyone Hello all, the next meeting date will be May 3rd and Sabio will be coming back with a realistic, project based git workshop in which we will all work together to build a finished product! They will hopefully bring pizza and other good stuff again too so save the date!\n\nCAANAPI (B353)\n12:30 PM"
   },
   "14":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-04-05T18:11:56.981Z",
      "content":"@everyone For those of you who want to ask about a topic for Sabio to teach or is already on the list above, don't be afraid to ask about it today so you guys can hear from them what they could offer!"
   },
   "15":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-04-05T06:10:42.694Z",
      "content":"@everyone Snacks, pizza, and drinks are first come first served so try to make it on time at 12:30!"
   },
   "16":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-04-03T05:51:26.987Z",
      "content":"Hey @everyone! Fridays meeting will be featuring Peter Rojas!!! Peter is a connection to Sabio that can help get us supplemental classes, bootcamp offers, and maybe even a bootcamp at IVC. We will be having a Q/A session with him about anything CS related. \nWe will have PIZZA and drinks so please stop on by! \nTHANK YOUUUUU!!"
   },
   "17":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-26T16:12:30.526Z",
      "content":"<#517889817397428239> this will also be the last meeting using the tutorial!"
   },
   "18":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-26T16:11:27.336Z",
      "content":"yo @everyone we have a meeting today like usual. Project teams will be working on their projects. Hope you all had a good spring break as well!"
   },
   "19":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-25T18:15:21.387Z",
      "content":"Potential Topics (subject to change if you guys ask):\n1) Git\n2) Command line\n3) Python applied to data science or machine learning\n4) Connecting programs to a back-end\n5) Mobile development\n6) Memory management\n7) React\n8) Interview practice\n9) Resume building"
   },
   "20":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-25T18:13:53.677Z",
      "content":"Hey @everyone, the next Friday meeting will be April 5th at 12:30 in BSTIC 104. A representative of Sabio Bootcamp will be coming to speak about the new partnership between us. This will include the bi-weekly series that covers the topics I'll mention in a second, potential trial bootcamp classes and the summer bootcamp/classes. This talk will be a great time to hear about their vision for improving IVC's CS curriculum and also ask any questions you may have."
   },
   "21":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-22T04:50:23.578Z",
      "content":"@everyone A potential new partnership with Sabio bootcamp has them curious about what you guys feel is missing from our curriculum at school. So my question to all of you is what do you feel are your weak points from our CS classes and what other skills would you like to learn? Feel free to answer in <#465243359812780055>"
   },
   "22":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-12T02:23:52.205Z",
      "content":"@everyone yo we've got a meetin tmrw in CAANAPI at 4. Gonna be doing the usual project team meetings and hackathon teams can continue to work on their programs if they want. See yall there doods"
   },
   "23":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-09T05:33:22.256Z",
      "content":"@everyone anybodies laptop charger?"
   },
   "24":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-09T05:33:09.206Z",
      "content":""
   },
   "25":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-05T22:19:42.933Z",
      "content":"be square idk"
   },
   "26":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-05T22:19:39.927Z",
      "content":"or like"
   },
   "27":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-05T22:19:38.830Z",
      "content":"be there"
   },
   "28":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-05T22:19:36.475Z",
      "content":"the project teams will meet up like usual"
   },
   "29":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-05T22:19:19.227Z",
      "content":"we have a meeting at like 4 in CAANAPI"
   },
   "30":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-05T22:19:10.592Z",
      "content":"@everyone HEY!"
   },
   "31":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-02T04:36:06.214Z",
      "content":"Hey everyone! Here is Saddlebacks Hacking Club so feel free to join to get info!"
   },
   "32":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-03-02T04:33:43.808Z",
      "content":"https://discord.gg/EP8G6dH"
   },
   "33":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-27T21:42:43.406Z",
      "content":"HELLO @everyone ! Our first hackathon day is THIS FRIDAY! We have only 10 spots left so please sign up on the link bobby posted above! We have MLH, Sabio, and other sponsors who will be giving away free prizes during the hackathon if that's the incentive you need. Hope to see y'all there!"
   },
   "34":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-22T05:43:20.120Z",
      "content":"HEY @everyone! We got a nice meeting tomorrow at 12:30 in BSTIC 104. We gonna learn bash commands, explaining Hackathon developments, having official project group sign ups, and finishing up with project work! I hope to see yall there. And if not all yall, then like some of yall i guess i dont judge."
   },
   "35":{
      "author":"Bobby Patel",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/380073390918336513/5e5e13b97b01a3fbbaa5d6d6676ff373.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-21T08:14:03.578Z",
      "content":"Reminder for everyone to please sign up for the hackathon. Even if you plan on stopping by or coming for only one day! It‚Äôs a quick form and will only take a minute. \n\nhttps://www.eventbrite.com/e/ivc-hack-a-thon-2019-registration-52826143417"
   },
   "36":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-19T17:29:45.147Z",
      "content":"Hey @everyone, today we will be meeting in the CAANAPI again from 4:00~5:30! We will start out working through some Hackerrank problems as a group and finish off with homework help if we have time leftover."
   },
   "37":{
      "author":"Imran Azmi",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/284500322574008321/5141e3d3ecf4dd07f0582d0987eedd89.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-12T04:56:44.173Z",
      "content":"ight"
   },
   "38":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-12T04:56:27.365Z",
      "content":"About half of the board and probably some of you have class until 4:15 so don't be discouraged if you don't see some of us in there yet üòÅ"
   },
   "39":{
      "author":"Matthew Iversen",
      "avatar":"https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/192703676362522625/1b225f481981c46f85e9264de0e85ed8.png?size=2048",
      "date":"2019-02-12T04:55:26.877Z",
      "content":"We have a meeting tomorrow from 4:00-5:30 in the CAANAPI! We will help you guys get all the info you need from each project group in order to get started if you choose to join one or make one. For the second half we will be having homework help üìí"
   },
   "success":true,
   "length":40
}
